this is the only house standing on this
hill in the occupied West Bank here
there are three legal Israeli
settlements an illegal settlement
Outpost an Israeli military camp and one
determined Palestinian
family to stay they have to take Extreme
Measures they want to protect themselves
from attacks by Israeli
settlers we can't leave the house alone
my sisters got married and I couldn't
even go to their weddings they are
always hovering around I can't even get
to work one of us has to stay home
because they might come at any time M
says the attacks are getting more
frequent and more
violent in 2002 the settlers burned the
house and my dad had a heart attack a
few days after he believes the Israeli
settlement project has one main goal to
push Palestinians off of their lands but
this is the only land they've known the
only country they belong to the only
home they own for
Generations we were here before the
settlers my grandfather built the house
in the 1970s then my father and mother
inherited it we are here protecting it
as well and will pass it on to our kids
illegal Israeli settlements and outposts
have been historically established on
hilltops over time they expand further
all at the expense of Palestinians if
this family leaves their home the area
would be filled with Israeli settlers
living illegally as seen in many other
places in the occupied West Bank so far
the saan family says they're the
Guardians of the hill and they want to
keep it that way nid ibraim Al jazer the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer